Speak.
Why haven’t you finished the clothing for the concubines?
Your Majesty, there aren’t enough people.
What nonsense.
You had 100 seamstresses last time.
Only eight pieces of clothing,
and you say there aren’t enough people?
I don’t care what method you use.
You must finish it and deliver it to the palace within ten days.
Otherwise, you can forget about your position as the head of the Bureau of Internal Affairs.
You can quit.
Sister Rong, you really have quite a lot of influence.
I’ve seen the palace consorts before.
Sister, please get up quickly.
I can’t afford to receive this.
Palace consort,
Something so significant happened recently.
Why aren’t you staying in the Zhongcui Palace?
What brings you here?
I came to naturally discuss the Empress Dowager’s birthday banquet.
Regarding the Empress Dowager’s birthday banquet,
the Emperor has entrusted me with full responsibility.
I know.
If you have something to say,
just say it.
For the Empress Dowager’s birthday banquet,
I
need to make a Phoenix gown with white birds for the Empress Dowager.
This gown requires gold threads to be woven one by one.
I cannot complete it myself.
I need the seamstresses from last time to help me.
So, the people
have been reassigned.
This was also promised to me by the Emperor.
Half of them, yes.
I’m just here to inform you.
The Empress Dowager really likes the Landscape of the Great Nation.
It’s in English.
Please turn this into embroidery to give to the Empress Dowager.
Ah, sister also wants to help you.
But that Phoenix gown
has already made me quite anxious.
As for the Landscape of the Great Nation,
you’ll have to handle it yourself.
Please don’t disappoint the Empress Dowager.
In the past life, the Empress Dowager’s birthday banquet
had these two as the main attractions.
It’s up to next year.
If I can’t prepare them,
I’ll really have a hard life for two lifetimes.
The dog emperor has set such a big trap for me.
Don’t expect to be better off.
I’m tired and will not keep the palace consort here to talk.
Please leave.
Hmph.
Please calm down, Your Majesty.
If the maidservants fail to deliver the embroidery for the Landscape of the Great Nation and the concubines’ clothing,
and if the Emperor and Empress Dowager lose face,
it will be their fault.
They will suffer.
In the palace,
they’re nothing.